every mother stuffed with a sauce for her
once since he asked to applaud but we
they were more squid then get
or we squid the option in this
case is to make a paste with these
squid so please do not go to
make it quickly salsita the lord
darío until here present has already cooked
and a pasta supports a paste of these
bag delivered are the pellets irrigating
of hundreds of are cooked and we're going to
use to make this jump addicted
first olive oil a spoonful
large cut onion along with
red pepper cut large already
this we will add what would be one or
two teeth play to taste the
consumer this vegetable base
while they are taking coloring
while they are finishing a little
they will receive the squids but in
this case already cuts said as thanks to
my life as if it were what it would be
the magazines understand what you're putting
there squid and we are jumping
quickly with the vegetables we had
seen we hold them the squid has
two ideal moments in terms of their
cooking point to one is a few
minutes of contact with the heat and
other then from the three
minutes and it starts to harden
harden and you're going to need at least
20 minutes to soften again
that always depending on the type of
squid that is moving some rings
ie very chiquititas is a
squid that is not very big then
this squid cited that it will be much more
quickie we are going to draw
squid these cut through
be what the abbot would be but without
closed with the onion we put
green onion also come this
the pasta that you take is very fast
of water al dente and you put it there for
that take the taste of vegetables look
How fast is the bottle of oil
olive because this is such a paste
that olive oil is short
onion the squids fast how much
you can delay live and how much
it took 23 minutes nothing more than that
obviously you started a pasta that already
it is possible
that consists of cooking tea with
well before al dente and for that
you put a saucepan with boiling water
salted and you remove the pasta pack and
you get it and cooked it and try and
when it is well durita that pasta the
queues and you pass cold water to
that to be cut cooking
up to one week or one day less in the
refrigerator you have those videos al dente
to be able then employee has a
dish my dear has a dish has a
bowl has a soft spoon please
they listened and we are going to summon it and
we did in a few good minutes while
we are implanting this delight of these
calamari told me a little bird that
very beautiful things happen in all the
Argentina